This is to show the progress of my practice in 2019.

format: md(MarkDown)

line limit: <=100

###11/13
I am thinking about web and app development, which framework and language I should  
try. The best chinese article is https://www.infoq.cn/article/wUi_vLylNVJmtr9VhefP  
and the best English one https://codeburst.io/10-top-programming-languages-in-2019-for-developers-a2921798d652  
I also read some posts to compare different languages.  
Based these research, I decided to continue to use python for my code practice and  
web development. Because it's the one I have been using for my real work for a while,  
and I like it actually. For web development, any framework is new for me. Even though  
JS is as #1 but I need learn the language too, which is not well known for interview too.  
conclusion: __Python__

###11/12
leetcode problem3, Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters  
This is the question I had for RetailNotMe OA, and I didn't resolve it completely  
I thought about the solution today but didn't figure it out yet.

###11/11
I am working on checking one job's status which needs count files in certain condition, then 
I tried to put those shell scripts into somewhere. I figured out that this repo is the best 
place.
Working on problem 2 Add Two Lists.
It takes a bit longer than expected, but the solution goes pretty well after debugging.  
What I leart: think about the solution to make sure in the right way first, and use  
sub-function to organize it.

###11/07
I plan to start to resolve leetcode problems. Created unit test case to do Reverse String, then 
noticed that TestCase.assertEqual() function. I only used assert() build in function in the past,
 then spend sometime to go through the TestCase functions.
 
I write same code in python 3 and python 2, but the performance shows difference. I checked the 
discussion, then learnt some new python stuff: 

https://docs.python.org/2/whatsnew/2.3.html#extended-slices make [::-1] to create one reverse list

https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#mutable-sequence-types there is reverse() function

It's good to learn these knowledge. Even the interview may require you write plain solution code,
but it's possible follow up questions talk about these.
I will stick with python 3 for coding practice.

In addition, I also leart to use .md (MarkDown) format for my logs.

###11/06
I started from watch one python video, then noticed there are something I didn't pay attention in
 the past, like the difference of range() and xrange() in python 3. For language itself, I am using
  it in very basic way. I do need learn some tips and also start to use it in my coding.

I also started to create this repo to record all of the practice details. 
